Hmm
but coffee means cent did not make coffee
means cent not fishing party stay
growing is a father joca find here
in Santo Antônio neighborhood is the passion is it
the gang announcer joão inácio júnior is not
no I think you're wrong river
I'm nilson zunino gostosão a a
helen this juninho gostosão was barely in
neuchâtel a plug is okay
Okay, good, how are you? Okay, everything.
Good, good, how are you?
At that time, your friend and lenilson jane
including the ca competition and election
It's for the party, I see you there too.
Teaching tabosa by the pc of the bo bo é é é
the shovel I'm so upset because all
once i arrive in bahrain so paper
defeat but I drink more than the voter is
even a campaign to be a body to
body
my cup canopy and something else neither
comes together
who wants to stay out of a
business in that little mouth of this gain is
true the number is mg and at home it is
Natalia loved going out for me, she did not
I'm without any money at the moment
appears this famous face never has
money for the page and I already left
I want to give it all and very well more
a Brazilian is visiting here his
neighborhood
Tabosa was I do not know never come here but
in this neighborhood aquino button was erenice
You're way behind the scheme so
I do not know, but I confess the bag to speak
The truth, I think I'm going to become a bucket.
Why is it a complicated business for a woman?
number is not easy there is not much here
in the neighborhood called maicon has gay parade in
beach the neighborhood is without nobody goes all
world to the seaside but why
Hottie because the house 93 laws singing
Who's coming? It's okay because I
I discovered that women just want to use
my body is such and such a lapon menon
It's worse, my frank wife, than
want to use my card walia rhymes and
mengo starts now in the national network
hilarious free election teams and
cachaça b
I came to pay and now it's the turn of the
pstu candidate was guilty and there
my fading voter my padilha
election
I want to count on you to support all
churches voting on me i punctured
I'm worried I'm going to put paulo vianna
and ramon gomes prass and my advisors and
When I win, I will make the
Bigger breath, that's why I patted you.
vote for the pstu candidates and now
pp nominees word
only just ss
only hey did not ask for a vote not the guy
very hesitant is changing the subject
But we see here, went to ask
votes to us here ask for votes we can
steal only now
the ons and now for bullet paris with
You for the candidate, I do not know. I only know that
it is double day who hates even asks
because it 's friends
I just want ilson and so there
the only exclusive the deic candidate
shake this up with Roma funghi
it flooded venice
I'm here I was going to and because if I go
elected
things do not make me time to fix
wanting more education piauí want
money to support the good and no
I know who else is the deep air and the
printed and digital put silicone
do the operation and then some and increase
the number of participants of the law stop
the laughter of injury returns break and the sound
I do not have the candidate who is capable of
take the clothes off to give more
that I
I have camila ribeiro clinton
this goal
which is the case of qin Grandpa wants
to know that he is evil his work is not
it's because you only arrive when the
down my favorite program I want
afternoon xinai flight part of the program of the year
car
google and apple already paid too quickly
Tell him what he's going to start looking for.
what is the alchemist Y our you have to
have sensitivity to hi already the word
alchemist and what is good that this
alchemist is the person who works
doing so you are sure
shaven was Mr. seems to fia
doctor knows what is said yes
here I am with the terrible
lack of memory as that is because I
forget everything more easily
there I wanted to know what I should
make a ball
in this case you'd better pay the
early consultation